boards: nrf54l15bsim doc: Clarify around entropy and crypto (#80609)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/native/nrf_bsim/doc/nrf54l15bsim.rst

  can be labeled as restricted for secure or non secure access.
* TF-M cannot be used.

> Note that the CRACEN peripheral is not modeled. But the mbedTLS library can be used
> with a SW crypto backend.

Reviewer: better? In any case, "Mbed TLS" is the correct spelling (and only actual request for change)

```suggestion
Note that the CRACEN peripheral is not modeled, but the Mbed TLS library can still be used
with a SW crypto backend.
```

Author: Thanks @kartben I rephrased it a bit more.
I wanted to remove that "still" as we are not supposed to be using Mbedtls in the real nrf54l15dk target either.

> As entropy driver, the :dtcompatible:`zephyr,native-posix-rng` is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As entropy driver, the :dtcompatible:`zephyr,native-posix-rng`, is enabled by default.
```

Reviewer: > note the sentence starts with "as" not "an"

Ah yes, that's exactly what happened :)
